Modin example with Python code (#697)
flyteorg/flytesnacks: cookbook/integrations/flytekit_plugins/modin_examples/README.rst

Modin
======

Modin is a pandas-accelerator that helps handle large datasets. 
Pandas works gracefully with small datasets since it is inherently single-threaded, and designed to work on a single CPU core. 

With large datasets, the performance of pandas drops (becomes slow or runs out of memory) due to single core usage. 

> This is where Modin can be helpful.

Reviewer: Can we have this as a single paragraph?

> Instead of optimizing pandas workflows for a specific setup, we can speed up pandas workflows by utilizing all the resources (cores) available in the system using the concept of ``parallelism``. `Here <https://modin.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting_started/why_modin/pandas.html#scalablity-of-implementation>`__ is a visual representation of how the cores are utilized in case of Pandas and Modin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of optimizing pandas workflows for a specific setup, we can speed up pandas workflows by utilizing all the resources (cores) available in the system using the concept of ``parallelism``, which is possible through modin. `Here <https://modin.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting_started/why_modin/pandas.html#scalablity-of-implementation>`__ is a visual representation of how the cores are utilized in case of Pandas and Modin.
```

Modin
======

> Modin is a Python extension for Pandas that helps handle large datasets. 

Reviewer: nit: I somehow don't like "extension". How about "Modin is a pandas-accelerator that can handle large datasets"?

> Pandas works gracefully with small datasets since it is inherently single-threaded, and designed to work on a single CPU core. If a dataset is too large to fit in memory, it throws a ``MemoryError``. 
> 
> With large datasets, the performance of pandas drops (becomes slow or runs out of memory) due to single core usage. Instead of optimizing pandas workflows for a specific setup, we can speed up pandas workflows by utilizing all the resources (cores) available in the system. This way, the user can focus on the end goal.  
> 
> This is where Modin comes into picture. It helps **scale** the Pandas workflows by changing only a **single line of code**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pandas works gracefully with small datasets since it is inherently single-threaded, and designed to work on a single CPU core. With large datasets, the performance of pandas drops (becomes slow or runs out of memory). Rather than optimizing pandas workflows for a specific setup, we can speed them up by utilizing all the resources (cores) available in the system.

This is where Modin can be helpful.
```

Installation
------------

.. code:: bash

   pip install flytekitplugins-modin

Why Modin?
----------

> Modin helps speed up pandas workflows by up to 4x. It significantly speeds up the Pandas operations, with a single line of import.

Reviewer: Isn't this line repetitive?

Modin allows inplace operations but the **data structures are immutable**. The immutability of data structures is one of the prominent features of Modin, that helps in efficient memory management.

> How is Modin different?

Reviewer: Isn't this repetitive? We can have the note though, but not under this section. We can have it separately.

Reviewer: I don't think this section is required cause we already discussed how modin differs from pandas. Can we instead have this after the installation and before the note:

The plugin supports the usage of Modin DataFrame as an input to and output of a task/workflow, similar to how a pandas DataFrame can be used.

-----------------------

Modin allows the user to utilize all the CPU cores available in the machine. If the same workflow can be run using 4 processors instead of one, why not use it? This way, the time consumed reduces significantly.

.. note::

>    Modin runs with Ray or Dask as backend. Usage can be specified during execution itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Modin runs with Ray or Dask as the backend. Usage can be specified during the execution itself.
```

> Installation

Reviewer: We already have an installation section above. Can we have this in the python code file? How about you specify the two ways of installing it there?

------------

.. code:: bash

   pip install modin[ray]

or

.. code:: bash

   pip install modin[dask]

The magic happens when,

.. code:: bash
	
   import pandas as pd

is changed to:

.. code:: bash

>    import modin.pandas as pd

Reviewer: Is this really necessary?

> The highlight here is ``parallelism``, i.e. using multiple processors (or cores) for Pandas workflows instead of one. `Here <https://modin.readthedocs.io/en/stable/getting_started/why_modin/pandas.html#scalablity-of-implementation>`__ is a visual representation of how the cores are utilized in case of Pandas and Modin.

Reviewer: Can we have the link in the introductory section itself? And I don't think we need the first line because it has already been mentioned above.
